Update documentation on Trilinos versioning (#1309)
4C-multiphysics/4C: doc/documentation/src/installation/installation.rst

**Trilinos**

This external dependency can be downloaded from the `Trilinos Github repository <https://github.com/trilinos/Trilinos>`_ .

> Currently supported versions are listed in ``<4C_sourceDir>/dependencies/supported_version/Trilinos.txt``. To be up to
> date with changes in Trilinos we force an update of the supported versions every six months.

Reviewer: I would make this really explicit. 

```suggestion
Currently supported versions are listed in ``<4C_sourceDir>/dependencies/supported_version/Trilinos.txt``. An older supported version will be supported for at least six months after its introduction. Afterwards, the version may be dropped at any time.
```

**Trilinos**

This external dependency can be downloaded from the `Trilinos Github repository <https://github.com/trilinos/Trilinos>`_ .
Currently supported versions are listed in ``<4C_sourceDir>/dependencies/supported_version/Trilinos.txt``. An older supported version will be supported for at least six months after its introduction. Afterwards, the version may be dropped at any time.

> Note: As 4C is still depending on Epetra based Trilinos code, the last official update will for now happen with the last available Trilinos hash still supporting Epetra.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note:: As 4C is still depending on Epetra based Trilinos code, the last official update will for now happen with the last available Trilinos hash still supporting Epetra.
```
